# Apartment Management App
This app is written as my final's java project. I was quite ambitious with this and really want to do something that would push my skill set to its limit. After quite a bit of research and jumping around, i settled with a plan: Try to use spring-boot framework to build my app. It was a horrible decision looking back at it, as this was way out of my leauge (it still does to this day). A month full of bugs fixing, researching and more bugs fixing went by and this was the final product. A really basic and simple app with very limited amount of functions. I didn't have enough time to put in all the stuff i planed to and if you look at the code, you may see alot of weird file and class that not seem to serve any purpose. They're functionalities that i have yet implemented successfully. Alot of time was burnt-off becasuse I was clueless with what I was doing and just got lost in the wrong directions. I felt pretty bad with my team members as I had double-down on something I didn't fully understand and led my team into such a tight death-line. For that, I'll take full responsibilies. In the end, though, I'm grateful for the experience. I learn so much along the way about technical knowledge and also valuable experience as team leader. Looking back at the original goal, I'd say that I did build something with Spring-Boot. That's a good-enough win for me
## How to use:
You'll need to  download all the file here. After that, open your java IDE and import the project. To run this, first choose the option to Clean the project, i find it help to prevent some unwanted behaviors. Then, choose  build with dependencies so that it'll install all the dependencies needed. You may have to wait for a bit, note that always wait for the computer to compltete its job before proceeding. If you get the message Build Failiure, go over the process again, slowly. After getting a Build Success message, navigate to src/main/java/com/temp/qlychungcu/QlychungcuApplication.java class, your main class, click and choose Run to run it.
## Contact:
Contact me  if there's any problem with the project:
via Email: nguyenngocthanhlamk16@siu.edu.vn
via Discord: liam020587
